well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
trump and a hundred million dollars
and motive and transactions
the media is reporting that trump is
considering dropping a hundred million
dollars of his own money
into his campaign
and they're running wild with this
they're asking all sorts of questions
and they're using this to illustrate all
sorts of things you know they're
pointing out that this
shows how much of an edge biden has
when it comes to fundraising shows that
trump is scrambling
and that he's losing on that front
that he doesn't have the allies and
support that he once had
at least those with deep pockets and
yeah that's worth pointing out
it's bringing up the question of whether
or not he's going to
show us his tax returns because we have
to know where that 100 million dollars
came from right
and yeah that's worth bringing up
and it's bringing up the question of
whether or not he even has this kind of
cash or whether it's
just something he's saying in hopes of
loosening the pockets of his supporters
and yeah that's worth bringing up
because i think most people have come to
the realization that he is nowhere near
as wealthy as he likes to pretend that
he is
all of this is worth mentioning but it's
not the big question
it's not the real take away from this
trump is erratic
he has no real guiding principles except
for one
and he has no policies he has his
emotional reaction that he lets loose on
twitter
policies no real guiding principles
except for everything is transactional
everything is a deal that's trump
everything is about what's in it for
trump
everything this is why his
foreign policy if you want to call it
that is an unmitigated failure
it's why he can't work with governors
because everything is transactional it's
why he doesn't understand
soldiers what's in it for them
everything's transactional everything's
about what's in it
for trump and there's cute answers to
this
you know 100 million dollars well he
spends more than that
just on golf and we pay for it as
taxpayers
maybe it has to do with trademarks
something like that or access to
development in other countries all of
these things they're cute answers
but that's not enough a hundred million
dollars for trump
that's a lot of money he's going to
expect a substantial return on that
investment
because everything's a deal
what is he investing in what is he
trying to buy
and the answer is pretty clear
you he's trying to buy you
the american taxpayer so he can continue
to siphon money and direct it to his
hotels
so he can continue to reward his friends
and get influence with them so he can
continue to set them up
so they'll return the favor later
because everything is transactional
everything's a deal
that's what we need to be asking
why does a man with no principles
and no policy want access to the oval
office
because it's not any altruistic motive
he's had four years and he's done
nothing nothing to benefit the american
people
he's fulfilled none of his promises to
the little guy
just to those on top if anything
happened and it benefited the little guy
it was just a
happy coincidence that he that came from
him returning a favor
because everything is transactional the
question
isn't where's the money coming from the
question is what is it buying
and i believe it's buying you
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day